Privacy Policy 
Quick Inc. is committed to providing quality services to you and this policy outlines our ongoing obligations to you in respect of how we manage your Personal Information.
We have adopted the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the Privacy Act). The NPPs govern the way in which we collect, use, disclose, store, secure and dispose of your Personal Information.
A copy of the Australian Privacy Principles may be obtained from the website of The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.aoic.gov.au
What is Personal Information and why do we collect it?
Personal Information is information or an opinion that identifies an individual. Examples of Personal Information we collect include: names, addresses, email addresses, phone and facsimile numbers.
This Personal Information is obtained in many ways including [your locations, and your recent search histories - including weather, web browsing, and dictionary]. We do not keep track of your history or deliberately have any storage of your history.
However, we may use your Personal Information for secondary purposes, in circumstances where you would reasonably expect such use or disclosure.
When we collect Personal Information we will, where appropriate and where possible, explain to you why we are collecting the information and how we plan to use it.
Sensitive Information: Sensitive information is defined in the Privacy Act to include information or opinion about such things as an individual's racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a trade union or other professional body, criminal record or health information.
Sensitive information will be used by us only:
•	For the primary purpose for which it was obtained
•	For a secondary purpose that is directly related to the primary purpose
•	With your consent; or where required or authorised by law.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Your Personal Information may be disclosed in a number of circumstances including the following:
•	Where required or authorised by law.
In order to protect your Personal Information we may require identification from you before releasing the requested information.
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time.
Privacy Policy Complaints and Enquiries
If you have any queries or complaints about our Privacy Policy please contact us at:

[Quick Inc. ] 
[donnyquickinc@gmail.com]
